Add tip how to enable autocompletion (#2423)
kyma-project/cli: docs/user/README.md

## Related Information

> [!TIP]

> > Before you start using kyma CLI we strongly recommend adding completion formula to your shell (`bash`, `fish`, `powershell` or `zsh`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before you use Kyma CLI, we strongly recommend adding the autocomplete formula to your shell (`bash`, `fish`, `PowerShell`, or `zsh`)
```

> > Run the following to import completion formula for kyma CLI for zsh shell and enable auto-completion on `tab` button hit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Run the following command to import the Kyma CLI autocomplete formula for the `zsh` shell and enable autocomplete on the `tab` button hit:
```

> > Run the following to import completion formula for kyma CLI for zsh shell and enable auto-completion on `tab` button hit:

Reviewer: What do you mean by the `tab` button hit?

Author: after you call it, your shell will start autompletend commands and command options when you hit tab key on the keybard
